Add max import error (#488)
directus/docs: content/configuration/1.general.md

| `GRAPHQL_SCHEMA_GENERATION_MAX_CONCURRENT` | How many GraphQL schemas can be generated simultaneously.                                                                                  | `5`                          |
| `ROBOTS_TXT`                               | What the `/robots.txt` endpoint should return.                                                                                             | `User-agent: *\nDisallow: /` |
| `TEMP_PATH`                                | Where Directus' temporary files should be managed.                                                                                         | `./node_modules/.directus`   |

> | `MAX_IMPORT_ERRORS`                        | Maximum number of errors to collect during CSV/JSON import operations before stopping the import. Prevents memory issues on large imports with many errors. | `1000`                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `MAX_IMPORT_ERRORS`                        | The maximum number of errors permitted while importing records before the process is cancelled. | `1000`                       |
```

Reviewer: This may be more appropriately located in our [Limits & Optimization](https://github.com/directus/docs/blob/main/content/configuration/security-limits.md#limits--optimizations) section
